WF-295: Write a migration guide (#19)
spatialos/FlexibleProjectExample: docs/migration-guide/migration-guide-master-page.md

4. [Generate a schema descriptor](#4-generate-a-schema-descriptor)
5. [Verify the integrity of your project](#5-verify-the-integrity-of-your-project)
6. [Customise your project folder structure](#6-customise-your-project-folder-structure)

**Note:** Migrating a SpatialOS project from CPL to FPL is an all or nothing process. A project must either fully follow the CPL format or the FPL format and cannot have partially migrated components.

**Tip:** We recommend that you back up a copy of your project before you start migrating so that you can recover information from files that you delete as part of the migration process if needed.

## 1. Migrate your workers
1. Migrate the build process of your workers by following the steps in [Building a worker executable](../build-process/worker-build-process.md).
2. Migrate your workers’ worker configuration files by following the steps in [Converting the worker configuration file](configs-conversion-guide.md#converting-the-worker-configuration-file).
3. Delete all previous CPL format configuration files related to the configuration and build process of your workers. Those configuration files include:

>     - Your CPL format [worker configuration files](https://docs.improbable.io/reference/latest/shared/worker-configuration/worker-configuration)

Reviewer: Just realised that the "worker configuration file" is a single file, so it doesn't make sense to use the plural here, or to have the second bullet point (because the build config is part of the worker config file, not a separate file).

Author: It's one file per worker but potentially multiple files per project (if you have multiple workers).

    - Your CPL format [worker build configuration files](https://docs.improbable.io/reference/latest/shared/worker-configuration/worker-build)
    - [spatialos_worker_packages.json files](https://docs.improbable.io/reference/latest/shared/reference/file-formats/spatial-worker-packages)

## 2. Migrate your launch configuration files
1. Migrate your launch configuration files by following the steps in [Converting the launch configuration file](configs-conversion-guide.md#converting-the-launch-configuration-file).
2. Delete your previous CPL format launch configuration file.

## 3. Migrate your project definition file
1. Migrate your project definition file by following the steps in [Converting the project definition file](configs-conversion-guide.md#converting-the-project-definition-file).
2. Delete your previous CPL format project definition file.

## 4. Generate a schema descriptor
Generate a schema descriptor by following the steps in [Building a schema descriptor](../build-process/schema-descriptor-build-process.md).

## 5. Verify the integrity of your project
Your project is now in a state where it complies with the FPL and can be run.

> - Run `spatial alpha local launch` and verify that your deployment behaves how it did pre-migration.

Reviewer: I can't remember if we already discussed this, but should these be numbered steps instead of bullets?

Author: Made this a numbered list.

> - Run `spatial alpha cloud upload -a <some-assembly-name>` and verify that this uploads your project assembly correctly to `https://console.improbable.io/projects/<your-project-name>/assemblies`. Your project assemblies should contain your schema descriptor and a zip file for each worker and each supported platform in your project. Each worker zip file should contain the content of the `localBuildDirectory` folder of your worker configurations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Run `spatial alpha cloud upload -a <some-assembly-name>` and verify that this uploads your project assembly correctly to `https://console.improbable.io/projects/<your-project-name>/assemblies`. Your project assemblies should contain your schema descriptor and a zip file for each worker and each supported platform in your project. Each worker zip file should contain the content from the `localBuildDirectory` folder of the worker configuration file.
```
Tried to make this clearer, but please check that my updates are correct.

Author: Done.

- Run `spatial alpha cloud launch -d <your-deployment-name> - a <your-assembly-name>` and verify that your deployment behaves how it did pre-migration.

## 6. Customise your project folder structure
You have successfully migrated your project to the FPL. Congratulations! You now have the freedom to customise your project’s folder structure in ways that were not possible in the CPL.
For example:
- you can freely choose where you store your project schema. You just need to make sure that the schema compiler finds all relevant schema files as you generate code or the schema descriptor.

> - you can freely choose where you store your worker projects and change the build process. You just need to make sure you update 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- you can freely choose where you store your worker projects and change the build process. You just need to make sure you update:
```

Author: Done.

  * the references to your worker configuration files in your project configuration file

>   * the `localBuildDirectory` fields in each worker configuration file.

Reviewer: Should this be "field" (singular)?

Reviewer: Ignore me!
